# July 9, 2024

Dear Diary,

Today is Tuesday, July 9, 2024. The weather is sunny.

As usual, I took the subway and then transferred to a shuttle bus to get to the company. I walked through the company lobby into the cafeteria and had a pancake for breakfast today.

After finishing my breakfast and arriving at my workstation, I started working. Yesterday, I deployed one of my microservices using the canary deployment method. When I checked the logs from the past day and found no **abnormal** errors, I pushed the canary deployment traffic to 50%. If there are no **anomalies**, it can be pushed to 100% by the afternoon.

Yesterday, the IT engineer **informed** me that I needed to replace my computer. After lunch today, I went to their office. However, it was lunchtime and no one was there, so I had to go back in the afternoon. When work wasn't busy in the afternoon, I got my new computer, an M2 MacBook Air.

In the afternoon, two **abandoned** but unreleased clusters were discovered during work. After confirming with SRE and **relevant personnel** that they are no longer in use, I asked SRE to follow the recycling process to recycle the cluster. This can save the company at least tens of thousands of RMB per month.

Today was also a day without meetings, so I could get off work on time. When I arrived home, I had dinner and started learning English. I used EnjoyApp to convert yesterday's diary into audio for shadowing practice. I found this to be a very good way to train my speaking skills. Then, I started writing today's diary. And now it's finished.

Goodnight, Diary. Until tomorrow.

Best, Jasper Van