# July 20, 2024

Dear Diary,

Today is Saturday, July 20, 2024. The weather is sunny.

Because today is a day off, I can spend a lot of time studying English. I have compiled the names of all the movies I have watched or want to watch and the names of the main characters. You can see a Movies menu under my Diaries. I organized these because they could all be material for conversation. Everyone's life experiences are a kind of talking point. The biggest problem for adults learning English is that they can't express their existing talking points in English, so I hope to first remember their English names.

At noon, I studied Duolingo for an hour. Now I am ranked second on the diamond **leaderboard**. I hope to be ranked first by the end of this week so that I can get the **rare gem** badge.

In the afternoon, I started taking an English course for developers that I previously found on Twitter. It's called [A2 English for Developers](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/a2-english-for-developers). During class, I realized that I couldn't remember the city names in the course, which reminded me of another batch of vocabulary I wanted to organize, specifically locations. So in the afternoon, I organized the names of major cities in all countries and continents. You can see it under Movies.

I watched three episodes of The Orville last night, but I only found two of them interesting. Episode 8 is about the doctor on the spaceship preparing to go on vacation with her two sons, **accompanied** by Isaac (who comes from a robot civilization). While flying in space, they **encountered** a space **rift**. In a moment of **crisis**, due to the **mischief** of the two children, a phone was **smashed** onto the control panel, causing the spaceship to be **sucked** into the space **rift**. The space **rift** **transported** them to a **distant** star region, but the spaceship was severely **damaged** and was about to **crash**, so they had to make an **emergency** landing on an **oxygen-rich** planet.

Unfortunately, the **spacecraft** split into two parts during the crash landing, **separating** the doctor from them. The doctor was **knocked** **unconscious** and taken away by a local. Isaac had to take care of the two children. During this process, Isaac not only protected the two children but also **educated** them, making them **treat** their mother better. Eventually, the doctor escaped back to the crash site of the spaceship. She found that her two children had changed, so she was very **grateful** to Isaac.

Episode 9 is very funny. The first scene of the first season is about the **protagonist's** wife having an **affair** with a blue-skinned alien. That blue-skinned alien **appeared** again in this episode; it turns out he is also an **archaeologist**. In this episode, they receive a mission to **mediate** the conflict between two alien **races** and prevent them from going to war. The two alien races have been **fighting** over the ownership of a planet. This time, they discover an **ancient artifact** and reach an agreement to **determine** the original **inhabitants** of the planet by analyzing the DNA of the ancient artifact. The planet will belong to the **race identified** as the **earliest inhabitants**.

In this process, the **protagonist's** ex-wife actually slept with the blue-skinned alien. The funny thing is, somehow, the protagonist also fell in love with him and wanted to sleep with him too. During this process, because the male protagonist fell deeply in love, he completely ignored the aliens from the two races. So they decided to go to war. Seeing that a great war was **inevitable**, in the end, two members of different alien races suddenly fell in love. It turns out that when that blue-skinned alien is in heat, something is produced on his skin that makes people fall in love with him...

Goodnight, Diary. Until tomorrow.

Best, Jasper Van
