# July 19, 2024

Dear Diary,

Today is Friday, July 19, 2024. The weather was sunny, but it rained in the evening.

This morning, I ate two buns and an egg at home, so I didn't eat in the cafeteria. I got off the shuttle bus, walked through the lobby, and went directly to my workstation. Since I arrived relatively early, there was only one colleague near the work area, and the others hadn't arrived yet. I spent some time on Duolingo until my colleagues arrived one after another and started working.

There was only one meeting this morning, a **co-creation meeting** for a major project. Because this is a large project, many things are still not **determined**. We just **unified** some **concepts** and terms.

I had grilled fish for lunch. It seems like today's grilled fish was a different variety. My colleague said it might be **basa fish**. Anyway, I think it wasn't as dry as before.

Today is Friday, and everyone left work on time. I also got home early. But my wife went to a dinner party, which is very annoying. I am very **annoyed** with the colleague who **organizes dinners** on Fridays.

Last night, I watched episodes six and seven of The Orville. Episode six is about them **capturing** an alien spaceship, then **disguising** themselves and **infiltrating** the alien battleship. Their original plan was to copy the aliens' **Bible**, but they unexpectedly learned that the aliens were going to launch a bomb to destroy a human planet. So they decided to stop them **temporarily**, and the way to stop them was to design a plan to kill them all. However, they discovered that there were alien children on the spaceship, so they had to ensure that the children would not be **harmed**.

Episode seven is about two human scientists entering a human-like planet. Then they lost contact, and the Orville needs to **investigate** the reason and bring them back. This planet is very similar to Earth, and their technology level is roughly like Earth's 21st **century**. However, they **convict** a person through a **nationwide** vote. Everyone has a voting device with two buttons: like or dislike. If a person's dislikes **exceed** a certain number, they will be **corrected** (**Correction** process). This **plot** makes us **reflect** that **absolute** **democracy** also has certain problems. I thought of a term called the **tyranny of the majority**.

Goodnight, Diary. Until tomorrow.

Best, Jasper Van
